So what's the reason that Best Friend went with you today ?
I was going to be my friends.
I've a lot coming from the best brands, so what one person go down the guide
If you leave the other room, you will.
I will not do it next time. Currie.
I can not get a friend from school there
Oh , I think it's popular.
5 I do not have an idea to leave the opp .
Okay gotta find a maenya fire ahyika Astrid brand marketing brand as our bar
Is there a 30?
1 child'm ah Professor'm not too dry geuraetni
It is already difficult now.
There are seventeen people who conquer the world.
Scorpion's Korean ah real
Maybe we should make the song funny.
Sadly.
[music]
ode
That's a little inconvenient've put cotton
5 Relief 4
Oh, I saw her.
U
because
[music]
Oh, I think your English education is going to work.
Why do I even came to the right place dwaetneunji
[music]
It was fun.
I will.
What is oo
Oh, really.
Oh, so I think Samson is a little something.
I do not do a body function Yes
[clap]
Ah
Seonjun Dad and pecking straight bapjwo
I can grow up more than my dad .
Maybe the after effects will do it.
[music]
For his efforts and now we eodinya more
Uh Hebrews that
4 sucks tie believe everything that
Oh, if there is no clear bath
Beauty Beauty
8 I'll give you ending 5
A wco
tera
Oh, all coming ah ah flying lead
I did not see him.
냔 Commitment
[music]
Eerie
woo wanna
[music]
we
Tell me.
[music]
What did you do, Shay?
It's Yang Yoon-young when I woke up in a position.
[clap]
Only the friends you've lush gimseongyi Friend
A couple of times like that. It's the first fishing trap. Yeah.
Chanyoung This is good, however the minutes dragged you be doing any
The configuration is almost gone
People are going to introduce you and show you.
4 I need to change the song.
This
wake no, ah, you know more
Come to give birth to fever
enter your
Do not miss it
5c Alas
My sister 's clothes
Our Ann Haha
Oh, do not move me.
peter it ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Let's see it for ten days.
aero ala
The tail hash 229
And the dealer
Words, so full of sheep
Yes